It would also be a crime for my part not to mention the awesome tools that Visual Studio code offers
us whenever we work with colors.
So let's say if I'm looking at this hex code.
What if I would like to change the code.
Would you notice as I'm hovering over the color I have these option.
So first and foremost I could change whatever values I'm getting there.
So as you can see right now I'm working with hex value.
What if what if I change my mind and I say you know what I would like to have the HSN.
Well I can just click on it.
And now my values in HSN.
Now I find want our Gibby I'm getting the RG And I also noticed something else.
If you have here this board this color board has a left clicking on this that I can just change whatever
color value I have.
And it gives me the values here in our.
So let's say here I'm looking for this color and I would want that one.
Let's say black one Light's brighter one.
And here on the right hand side I can just change the color scheme altogether.
So let's say I don't like the red one.
Well what about if we're trying out.
Green.
What about red again.
I can go on and on the whole day to show you that you kinds of you have all kinds of options.
Now we can also control the opacity.
So even though this is gonna be the color then here we're looking basically for the tone.
We also can change the opacity.
And if I'm gonna go completely over here to the zero I'm going to have our GPA value of zero.
Now remember what was the zero what it was totally transparent.
So if I'm gonna say this right now check it out you're not gonna be able to see any of the text because
right now the opacity is level was all the way down to zero.
If you want opacity zero point five.
Wow let's go somewhere there is zero point five.
And then this is going to spit me back some value of whatever I'm having.
Again if I would like to change it to let's say head color right away I can just change it to hex color.
So we have all kinds of options here with Visual Studio code and all of these things combined make it
the best text that are out there.